README.md, before:

# CMS-Style Blog Site

## Description

The CMS-Style Blog Site is a web application designed for developers who want to share their thoughts, opinions, and technical articles. It provides a Content Management System (CMS) that allows users to create, edit, and delete blog posts easily. The site includes user authentication, a homepage displaying existing blog posts, a dashboard for managing personal posts, and comment functionality.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

To set up the CMS-Style Blog Site on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the project repository to your local storage:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Andatax/MVC-practice
   ```

2. **Open your terminal and navigate to the cloned project directory:**

   ```
   cd <project_directory>
   ```

3. **Initialize your project and install the required dependencies (Inquirer):**

   ```npm install

   ```

4. **Set up the mysql database:**
   <br>

5. **Start the application:**

   ```npm start

   ```

6. **Access the application in your web browser at http://localhost:3000.**
   <br/>

## Usage

1. **Visit the site:**

   When you visit the site for the first time, you will be presented with the homepage. The homepage includes existing blog posts, navigation links for the homepage and dashboard, and the option to log in.

2. **Navigate through the site:**

   - Clicking on the homepage option takes you to the homepage.
   - Clicking on other navigation links prompts you to sign up or sign in.

3. **User Authentication:**

   - Sign Up:

     - Click on "Sign Up."
     - Enter a username and password.
     - Click the sign-up button.
     - Your credentials are saved, and you are logged into the site.

   - Sign In:
     - Click on "Sign In."
     - Enter your username and password.
     - Click the sign-in button.
     - You are signed in, and navigation links for the homepage, dashboard, and log out are displayed.

4. **Explore the Homepage:**

   - The homepage displays existing blog posts with post titles and creation dates.

5. **Read a Blog Post:**

   - Click on an existing blog's title post to view the post comments.
   - Leave a comment, and it will be saved with the comment creator's username and creation date.

6. **Dashboard:**

   - Click on the dashboard option to view your blog posts.
   - Add a new blog post by providing a title and contents.
   - Click the button to create a new blog post.
   - View and manage existing posts, including the option to delete or update.

7. **Log Out:**

   - Click on the log out option to sign out of the site.

8. **Idle Timeout:**

   - If idle for more than a set time, you can still view posts and comments but must log in again to add, update, or delete posts.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contributing

Please feel free to submit pull requests or open issues to improve application functionality.

## Questions

For any additional questions, you can reach me at: [andatax](https://github.com/andatax)  
Email: abraham.mendez1011@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added deployed app link to readme

README.md, after:

# MVC Blog

## Description

The CMS-Style Blog Site is a web application designed for developers who want to share their thoughts, opinions, and technical articles. It provides a Content Management System (CMS) that allows users to create, edit, and delete blog posts easily. The site includes user authentication, a homepage displaying existing blog posts, a dashboard for managing personal posts, and comment functionality.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

To set up the CMS-Style Blog Site on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the project repository to your local storage:**

   ```
   git clone https://github.com/Andatax/MVC-practice
   ```

2. **Open your terminal and navigate to the cloned project directory:**

   ```
   cd <project_directory>
   ```

3. **Initialize your project and install the required dependencies (Inquirer):**

   ```
   npm install

   ```

4. **Set up the mysql database:**
   <br>

5. **Start the application:**

   ```
   npm start

   ```

6. **Access the application in your web browser at http://localhost:3001 for locarl enviroment**
   <br/>

7. **Check the deployed app at**

https://mvc-blog-tailwind-95c92be2d918.herokuapp.com/login

## Usage

1. **Visit the site:**

   When you visit the site for the first time, you will be presented with the homepage. The homepage includes existing blog posts, navigation links for the homepage and dashboard, and the option to log in.

2. **Navigate through the site:**

   - Clicking on the homepage option takes you to the homepage.
   - Clicking on other navigation links prompts you to sign up or sign in.

3. **User Authentication:**

   - Sign Up:

     - Click on "Sign Up."
     - Enter a username and password.
     - Click the sign-up button.
     - Your credentials are saved, and you are logged into the site.

   - Sign In:
     - Click on "Sign In."
     - Enter your username and password.
     - Click the sign-in button.
     - You are signed in, and navigation links for the homepage, dashboard, and log out are displayed.

4. **Explore the Homepage:**

   - The homepage displays existing blog posts with post titles and creation dates.

5. **Read a Blog Post:**

   - Click on an existing blog's title post to view the post comments.
   - Leave a comment, and it will be saved with the comment creator's username and creation date.

6. **Dashboard:**

   - Click on the dashboard option to view your blog posts.
   - Add a new blog post by providing a title and contents.
   - Click the button to create a new blog post.
   - View and manage existing posts, including the option to delete or update.

7. **Log Out:**

   - Click on the log out option to sign out of the site.

8. **Idle Timeout:**

   - If idle for more than a set time, you can still view posts and comments but must log in again to add, update, or delete posts.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Contributing

Please feel free to submit pull requests or open issues to improve application functionality.

## Questions

For any additional questions, you can reach me at: [andatax](https://github.com/andatax)  
Email: abraham.mendez1011@gmail.com
